# Linear Regression with One Variable

### Question 1

Consider the problem of predicting how well a student does in her second year of college/university, given how well she did in her first year.

Specifically, let x be equal to the number of "A" grades (including A-. A and A+ grades) that a student receives in their first year of college (freshmen year). We would like to predict the value of y, which we define as the number of "A" grades they get in their second year (sophomore year).

Here each row is one training example. Recall that in linear regression, our hypothesis is  hθ (x) = θ0 + θ1x, and we use  m m to denote the number of training examples.

|x|y|
|---|---|
| 3 | 2 |
| 1 | 2 |
| 0 | 1 |
| 4 | 3 |


For the training set given above (note that this training set may also be referenced in other questions in this quiz), what is the value of m? In the box below, please enter your answer (which should be a number between 0 and 10).

**Answer:** m = 4


### Question 2

For this question, assume that we are  using the training set from Q1. Recall our definition of the  cost function was  J ( θ 0 , θ 1 ) = 1 2 m ∑ i = 1 m ( h θ ( x ( i ) ) − y ( i ) ) J(θ  0 ​  ,θ  1 ​  )=  2m 1 ​  ∑  i=1 m ​  (h  θ ​  (x  (i)  )−y  (i)  )  2  .  What is J(0,1)? In the box below,  please enter your answer (Simplify fractions to decimals when entering answer, and '.' as the decimal delimiter e.g., 1.5).

**Answer:**

J(0,1) = 1/(2 * 4) [(3-2)^2 + (1-2)^2 + (0-1)^2 + (4-3)^2] = 1/2 = 0.5

### Question 3

Suppose we set θ0 = −2 , θ1 = 0.5 in the linear regression hypothesis from Q1. What is  hθ (6)?

**Answer:**

hθ (x) = θ0 + θ1 * x = -2 + 0.5 * x

So hθ (6) = -2 + 0.5 * 6 = 1
